Feature/name output (#7)
Imageomics/slicerMorph_JSON_generator: README.md

   python generate_slicer_json.py <source.csv>
   ```
   This will save `segmentation_category_type.json` in your current working directory.

   To choose a different name for your JSON file, run 
   ```
   python generate_slicer_json.py <source.csv> <filename>
   ```

>    This will save `filename.json` in your current working directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This will write the JSON output to `filename`, which, if it exists already, will be overwritten. The name may include a path to write it to a place other than the current working directory.
```
